---
title: "Journey 7 - DurianPy, Speaking, Burnout"
date: 2024-05-12T23:08:07+08:00
draft: false
---


## DurianPy

It has been almost 6-7 years since I heard of this local community of Python/Django enthusiasts.
Unfortunately, it has been inactive when I started working.

It was a good thing that someone stepped up and became the community lead since there isn't much
activity with Python in my area.


I was able to attend, learned a few things about Python, and connected with seasoned and new
developers.


There were also some developers that were using _neovim_ but I didn't really get to see their setup
and how they use it since it was more of a _python_ event.


One of the reasons why I attended was so I could gain some ideas on how to deliver a talk. I did
pick up a few things, what to do and not to do.

The whole event was related to Python's use cases in general, which I believe I could've contributed
but 1. I did not know how to submit a talk, 2. I was not 100% prepared to give a talk ðŸ˜…

I did ask the community lead whether I could give a talk and he said that people are welcome and
that they will just post within social media for the upcoming events. He did mention that the next
talk would be more on generative AI. Admittedly, I was quite disappointed since I'm not quite into
that space yet. I mean I've made a few apps using AI at work but it's just not something I'm
passionate about.

We'll see.


## Speaking

I've been watching a lot of videos of Primeagen and TJDevries in the past couple of weeks now. I'm
even listening to a lot of podcasts as well!


After the event, I started looking into how I would deliver a talk. I've already tried looking into
CLI tools for performing a presentation and if I would be given a chance, I'd like to give
[presenterm]() a shot!

I started creating a markdown template and imagined myself as if I was already giving a talk and
having people listen to me.


Though one of the cons of using a terminal based presentation tool is the lack of having different
font sizes. I did find that a bit frustrating but we'll see how it goes.

YouTube even started recommending me a video on how to talk. It was an hour long video but it was
worth listening to.

I'd like to recommend it as well. I promise you will find it useful. I can even imagine myself
applying the techniques he taught.

{{< youtube Unzc731iCUY >}}



## Burnout

I'm not even sure whether I'm experiencing burnout but I have been procrastinating a lot lately.
Though to be fair to myself, I'm not receiving a lot of load from my work. And most of them had no
estimations and more tasks related to research and learning.

I've been assigned on a POC leveraging the use of generative AI and _autogen_.[^1]

I'm having a hard time focusing especially on things that doesn't interest me. I mean I find
interest in working on AI stuffs but I kinda want to do it at my own pace, without the nonsense time
tracking. Because I have to run the time tracker while working, right? And for things related to
exploration, research, and learning, I don't want to have a tracker running.

I even reached to a point where I've been thinking if it would be beneficial if I took a 1-week
leave from work ðŸ¤”

I guess one of my coping mechanisms when I don't feel like doing anything is to procrastinate, look
for things that can be improved within my PDE[^2] like browsing on GitHub or Reddit.

This weekend, I was quite hesitant but finally decided to just post about
[gitpad.nvim](https://github.com/yujinyuz/gitpad.nvim), the note taking plugin that I've been using
for about a year now.

I did some modifications before posting it on reddit like making it extensible so it's just not
limited to project and branch pads. It can be used for daily notes or per file as well.

I did get a few stars for the plugin, but I was kinda expecting at least ~30ish stars maybe. Well, I
guess one of the reasons it didn't get that much stars was because I used a link instead of a text,
and just had a demo image instead of maybe a demo video.

There was another plugin that was released that was similar to mine but it was more for journaling
rather than quick note taking.

I hope it gets into the neovim newsletter so more people could try it out!


---

I guess this is it for my week. Nothing interesting this week but I did start taking nightly walks
for something new. Even bought new kicks to start running and maybe join fun runs this year!


[^1]: I guess I'm lucky that my current work assigns me tasks related to AI, and that I could use it
      to post as a tutorial or a form of talk.
[^2]: Personal Development Environment. I'd like to call it IDE but that is kinda limited to just
      using it for coding purposes. I use mine for multiple things like coding, journaling, and
      blogging which I'm currently doing right now
