---
title: "Journey 10 - Backup, Nostalgia, Running"
date: 2024-06-02T22:51:55+08:00
draft: false
---

## Backup


I've been contemplating on getting another laptop as my backup in case something goes wrong again
with my current Macbook.


Facebook Marketplace has a lot of cheap laptops so it was just a matter of what model and specs to
choose.

I ended up buying a Lenovo ThinkPad T480 which was the most recommended laptop in
[/r/thinkpad](https://reddit.com/r/thinkpad), but with the i5 8th Gen 16GB variant.


It came with a windows operating system and I'm planning to install a Linux based distribution to
it. WSL doesn't look like a good option for me since I wanted to experience having window managers,
status bars, etc. and I don't think I could achieve that within windows so I'm currently looking
into Manjaro, PopOS, Fedora, or Arch.

I've been wanting to install Arch ever since because most people recommend it but I need to have a
huge chunk of time as it requires focus when installing it.


In order to know what I want, I probably would try out other distributions that has some
out-of-the-box features. Similar to my code editor journey, I tried quite a few editors in order to
know what I want and how I want it to work.

By then, I can join the _I use Arch btw_ group.


## Nostalgia

I was, again, reading a reddit thread about some inexpensive hobbies and someone mentioned about
playing Tetris.


I remember my highschool days where Facebook still had flash games and you could compete with any of
your friends in tetris. Thanks to that, I discovered [tetr.io](https://tetr.io) and it was quite
nostalgic and relaxing at the same time.


While playing, I suddenly rememberd O2Jam and got curious whether it can be played via browser. And
after a bit of searching, voila, I found [O2.World](https://o2jam.world/).

I couldn't play it before as I was running on macOS and I didn't feel like running a virtual machine
just to play it. It's been a while since I played it in a windows machine and technology has gotten
better since then, as you could now play games like these in the web browser, where previously you
had to install it for you to be able to play it.

I guess I could say that these games were one of the best games I played during my teen age years as
it somewhat helped me getting fast at typing üòù


On a side note about nostalgia, I started watching Hunter x Hunter (1999) version and was quite
amazed as I don't remember it that much and that Kite was already there in the first episode, but
his hair color was orange while his appearance in the 2011 version had a silver white hair.



## Running


A few weeks ago, I started a habit of going out for a walk after dinner. Well, it serves for 2
purposes. One is so I could throw out the garbage and the other is to burn a few calories and I've
read that it's better for your gut health. So that's like hitting two birds with one stone.


I decided to just go out for a walk/run on a whim last Thursday just because I felt like it and it's
already been 2 weeks since I got my new sneakers but I haven't really got a chance to use it because
I was just lazy.

It felt really nice to walk and do a little bit of running when you're wearing a good pair of
sneakers.

Since I had a trial run, I now know what I need to buy for my next run -- which is portable flasks.
I've realized that carrying around a 750 ml water bottle isn't ideal and quite an overkill since I
was only running or walking for < 5km.


I've placed an order for a belt bag with (2) 250ml water bottles because carrying a large water
bottle doesn't feel right. And I've also included a 500 ml soft flask so I could try which one I'd
need.


I was only able to run around 3-5km and it took me almost an hour to finish which isn't quite bad
considering that I just started.


I suddenly remembered my childhood days where I only had one pair of sneakers and it served as an
all around type of sneakers. I'm thankful now that I can buy them, and that I have at least one pair
sneaker for different types of activities!

Well, I hope this isn't the last time I'm gonna go out and running/walking.
